com/example/cert/databinding/PracticalBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.PracticalBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/ThirdfragmentBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.ThirdfragmentBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/WrittenTestBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.WrittenTestBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/TestInfoBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.TestInfoBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/TipBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.TipBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/WrittenBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.WrittenBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/StudyFilterBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.StudyFilterBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/WordStudyBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.WordStudyBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/WordTestBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.WordTestBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/ActivityHowToStudyBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.ActivityHowToStudyBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/StartTestBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.StartTestBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/TestScheduleBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.TestScheduleBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/ItemWordBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.ItemWordBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/UsecertiBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.UsecertiBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/FourthfragmentBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.FourthfragmentBinding
com/example/cert/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.cert.BuildConfig
com/example/cert/databinding/ItemWordTestBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.ItemWordTestBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/MainfragmentBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.MainfragmentBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/ItemTestBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.ItemTestBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/ActivityDdayBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.ActivityDdayBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/SecondfragmentBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.SecondfragmentBinding
com/example/cert/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.cert.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
